Feature: support groups in dev-dependencies (#351)
pdm-project/pdm: docs/docs/usage/dependency.md

After that, dependencies and sub-dependencies will be resolved properly and installed for you, you can view `pdm.lock` to see
the resolved result of all dependencies.

Local packages can be installed in [editable mode](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/pip_install/#editable-installs)
(just like `pip install -e <local project path>` would) using `pdm add -e/--editable <local project path>`.

## Add development only dependencies

_New in 1.5.0_

PDM also supports defining groups of dependencies that are useful for development. They can be classified as different groups,
e.g. some for testing and others for linting. We usually don't want these dependencies appear in the distribution's metadata
so using `optional-dependencies` is probably not a good idea. We can define them as development dependencies:

```console
$ pdm add -ds test pytest
```

This will result in a pyproject.toml as following:

```toml
[tool.pdm.dev-dependencies]
test = ["pytest"]
```

For backward-compatibility, if `-s/--section` is not given, dependencies will go to `dev` group under `[tool.pdm.dev-dependencies]` by default.

!!! NOTE

>     The group names in `[tool.pdm.dev-dependencies]` MUST NOT conflict with those in `[project.optional-dependencies]`.

Reviewer: What exactly is considered a "conflict"?
* A group name appears in both sections (independent of its content)?
* A group name appears in both sections with different content?

Author: A group name appears in both sections (independent of its content)

This is required because currently the `sections` in `pdm.lock` can't distinguish whether from dev deps or optional deps

Reviewer: Then I would explicitly state it like this:

> A group name MUST NOT appear in both `[tool.pdm.dev-dependencies]` and `[project.optional-dependencies]`.

... or something similar.

>     The group names in `[tool.pdm.dev-dependencies]` MUST NOT conflict with those in `[project.optional-dependencies]`.

Author: ```suggestion
    The same group name MUST NOT appear in both `[tool.pdm.dev-dependencies]` and `[project.optional-dependencies]` .
```

$ pdm update requests
```

To update multiple sections of dependencies:

```console
$ pdm update -s security -s http
```

To update a given package in the specified section:

```console
$ pdm update -s security cryptography
```

If the section is not given, PDM will search for the requirement in the default dependencies set and raises an error if none is found.

> To update package in development dependencies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update packages in development dependencies:
```

```console
# Update all dev-dependencies
$ pdm update -d

> # Update the specified group of dev-dependencies

Author: ```suggestion
# Update a package in the specified group of dev-dependencies
```

> $ pdm update -ds test pytest

Reviewer 2: I think you meant `pdm update -ds test` (without `pytest`)?

Author: No, you can give package name(s) to update command to tell PDM only to update those given packages under the given group(Yes, group should be given or it defaults to the default group, as the same package can appear in more than 1 group)

Reviewer 2: May I suggest something like this then:

```
# Update a package in the specified group of dev-dependencies
```

To remove existing dependencies from project file and the library directory:

```console
# Remove requests from the default dependencies
$ pdm remove requests
# Remove h11 from the 'web' optional group
$ pdm remove -s web h11

> # Remove pytest-cov from the `test` dev dependencies group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Remove pytest-cov from the `test` dev-dependencies group
```

$ pdm remove -ds test pytest-cov
```

## Install the packages pinned in lock file

There are two similar commands to do this job with a slight difference:

```console

> # Install all default dependencies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Install all default dependencies
```

(consistency)

$ pdm install

> # Install default + web optional dependencies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Install default + web optional dependencies
```

(consistency)

$ pdm install -s web

> # Install default + all dev dependencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Install default + all dev-dependencies
```

(consistency)

$ pdm install -d

> # Install web dependencies ONLY(without default dependencies):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Install web dependencies ONLY(without default dependencies)
```

(consistency)
